User Requirements

1.1 The ability to request a check for additional diagnostic codes missing from the patient's EHR.

1.2 The ability to confirm or deny the additional diagnostic codes to be added to the patient's EHR.

1.3 The ability to add notes when adding the identified additional diagnostic codes to the patient's EHR.


Functional Requirements


2.1 The ability for the tool to integrate with Georgia Tech's FHIR server.

2.2 The ability for the tool to read data fields.

2.3 The ability for the tool to sort data by a specific field.

2.4 The ability for the tool to separate data by a specific value in a particular field (i.e. prior to and after a date).

2.5 The ability for the tool to list SnowMed code field values from the separated data. 

2.6 The ability for the tool to map SnowMed code data fields to ICD9 values (ICD9 mapping table).

2.7 The ability for the tool to map ICD9 values to Hierarchical Condition Categories (HCCs).

2.8 The ability for the tool to parse the differences in the listed HCC values from the chronologically-separated data.

2.9 The ability for the tool to message the master system (specifically, the doctor) with the identified differences.

2.10 The ability for the tool to message the master system (specifically, the doctor) notifying them if there are no identified differences.

2.11 The ability for the doctor to confirm the identified differences with notes.

2.12 The ability for the tool to add the missing HCC to the patient's EHR with the doctor's notes.

2.13 The ability for the doctor to deny the identified differences if they are incorrect or no longer applicable.

2.14 The ability to provide an audit trail of confirmations and denials for integrity.


Technical Requirements
3.1 The ability for the tool to be strongly typed (e.g. programmed in python or another secure language). 

3.2 The ability to integrate with a RESTful API (Georgia Tech's FHIR sever) not sure if this should be here or in functional

3.3 speed of search? just a minimum value that will be impossible to fail

3.4 others?
